Ongezellig is a Dutch six-part YouTube cartoon created by Studio Massa, detailing a few days in the life of a high school student.

Maya (Robin Barten) is a friendless introvert suffering from social anxiety who spends her days socially withdrawn and isolated. On the advent of having to do a major presentation for History class, she finds herself having to work with her adopted sisters, the air-headed but good-natured Coco (Merel Does) and the aggressive Dutch nationalist Mymy (Joyce Ter Stege). Hijinks ensue.

May we list tropes gezelligly?:
The Alcoholic: Vera, the apathetic history teacher, carries around bottles of Jip en Janneke champagne. This is a joke, because while Vera acts the part of an alcohol-dependent snarker, Jip en Janneke champagne contains 0% alcohol because Jip en Janneke is a brand aimed at young children.
Amoral Afrikaner: Double Subverted with Coco. She's generally kind, optimistic and light-hearted... until Maya mocks her for being an orphan, at which point Coco almost defenestrates her.
Apathetic Teacher: Vera couldn't care less about her students and is shown to be utterly dejected at the presentations.
Bad Liar: Making excuses isn't Mymy's strong suit, whether it's her claims of being Dutch (due to her obvious accent and insistence on being from "Japsterdam"), or trying to weasel her way out of delivering a proper presentation.
Bait-and-Switch: After Maya finishes her presentation for Vera, we see the teacher with an ashtray beside her on the desk and what seems to be a cigarette in her mouth, only to reveal that it was actually a lollypop.
Beware the Nice Ones: Coco is the nicest of the 3 sisters by far, but she also threatens to drop Maya out a window after Maya insults her over being an orphan. All while keeping a smile on her face.
Bittersweet Ending: Maya remains as reclusive as ever, but the three sisters all pass their history class and have grown closer together by the end.
Brick Joke: That monitor being thrown out of the roof in the first part? It lands in front of the school in Part 2.
Bland-Name Product: A bag on Maya's table in the room after she furiously closes her tabs that's reminiscent to Kruidnotennote .
Blonde, Brunette, Redhead: Coco (blonde), Maya (brunette), and Mymy (redhead), respectively. Subverted in Mymy's case as she's a natural brunette herself, her orange hair was dyed to hide that fact.
Caught with Your Pants Down: As Maya watches an octopus hentai, she suddenly gets surprised when Coco somehow enters the blocked room and turns on the light, forcing Maya to immediately close her tabs and put on her pullover sweater before turning around.
Comically Missing the Point: After reading Mymy's research about Belgium, Coco tells her that it is incredibly racist. The only retort Mymy has is pointing out that Belgians aren't a race, apparently not focusing on the racism part.
Company Cross-References:
In the scene Mymy pretending to be a Dutch colonizer and Maya, all tied, as the indigenous person is a reference to Studio Massa's de VOC video.
After Mymy bloats about the history presentation day, she goes overboard in fashion similar to "Gerts bloodbad", edit of a gameshot.
In the scene with snapping back to reality from Mymy's roleplay, one painting references a person from "Stille Willem - Specerijn".
A background character sitting in the classroom after Mymy's "presentation" and Coco clapping, is from "'t Histaurant".
Mymy being knocked out by Vera's bottle after her attempted shooting with her nerf gun, is reference to the same "de VOC" video.
The scene after Mymy falling, a painting referencing with Stille Willem series of "Spreekbeurt" can be seen.
A painting in Vera's office has a character from "Cornelis Flabbergast".
Creepy Shadowed Undereyes: Most prominently featured on Maya and Vera, who are drawn with exaggeratedly-thick eye outlines compared to the rest of the cast (and Dreary Half-Lidded Eyes as well to boot). Also doubling as Exhausted Eye Bags, since the former has a notably unhealthy routine and is chronically online, while the latter is a perpetually-beleaguered Apathetic Teacher.
Cultural Posturing: When Coco suggests reading a book on Belgian history for information, Mymy, resentful for having her presentation rejected for being extremely racist, retorts.
Coco: According to this book, Belgium was, in the Burgundian era, well known for its beautiful paintings.
Mymy: Ours were prettier...
Coco: In the Habsburgian era, they engaged in lots of trading.
Mymy: We traded more...
Coco: And in the colonial era...(sudden Afrikaan accent) What the fuck?
Mymy: ...yeah, okay, they can have that one.
The Ditz: Coco's not very bright. She not only mistook Maya's hentai-laden browsing history as a library of actual Japanese history, but also saw no issue in showing one the Naughty Tentacles videos to her entire class.
Dumb Is Good: Coco, despite her stupidity, has shown to be very nice overall, as she tries her best to socialize with her siblings.
Early Installment Character-Design Difference: In the first Deel, Coco is seen wearing an orange dress, a red scarf and white sandals. The only original article that accompanies her from the second Deel onwards is the golden pendant.
Establishing Character Moment: The opening shot of the series is Maya, in total darkness, having a good time watching Naughty Tentacles Hentai. That tells you almost everything you know about her.
Expy: Maya is a pretty obvious one of Tomoko Kuroki, although unlike her she has a somewhat working relationship with her family.
Freeze-Frame Bonus:
A blink and you'll miss it moment whenever the doors to the trio's rooms are shown, where Mymy's has her name written in Fraktur script, which became heavily associated with Nazi Germany in the 20th century due to their use of it, and thus darkly appropriate for a character whose hat is her comically-exaggerated racism.
On rare occasions where Mymy's hair is upturned, its black roots are clearly visible for a few frames, confirming that her orange hair was dyed.
Friendless Background: Maya is the stereotypical introverted loner who greatly longs for companionship, but is herself too shy and socially awkward to have any, and all of her "friends" are just figments of her imagination. According to This example contains a TRIVIA entry. It should be moved to the TRIVIA tab.Word of God, Maya's mixed ancestry is deliberate, as it reflects her inability to fit into any crowd. Naturally, this makes her deeply jealous and resentful of the gregarious and popular Coco.
Funny Background Event: After Coco pulls on Mymy’s tie, which somehow makes Mymy’s hair drop down, as Coco talks to Maya, Mymy pulls on her tie… which snaps off.
Grievous Bottley Harm: Vera whacks Mymy over the head with her (plastic) champagne bottle after the latter stands on the table and shoots her with a foam bullet.
Hammerspace: After Vera uses a bottle to smack Mymy off, and Coco having to present, she "pulls" one from her scarf.
Homage:
The style of the hentai being of 70/80s anime.
Hopeless with Tech: Coco is depicted as being this. She greatly struggles with doing even basic functions and researches using computers, mistakes the internet browser's History tab as actual historical sources, and in the age of smartphones, she's still using a vintage flip model.
Hypocritical Humour: Mymy complains that "animation takes so looooooong" as she moves her head around during that sentence after Coco asks her to do the animations for Maya’s presentation.
Imagine Spot: Several from Maya, usually depicting her being tormented by her insecurities. It even includes one instance of suicidal ideation.
Immigrant Patriotism: Despite hailing from Nagasaki, Mymy is a fervent Dutch nationalist to the point of extreme racism. She even dyed her black hair orange and wears coloured contact lenses to look, one one hand, more like an ethnically Dutch person, and on the other, her orange hair combined with her blue and white clothes evoke the Prince's Flag. This is a Dutch flag that goes back to the 16th century, but in modern day has fallen out of favor because Nazi-sympathizers and other far right activists have made it one of their symbols.
Injured Limb Episode: One of Maya's flashbacks with Coco sees the latter being chosen for a team, despite sporting an arm sling on her right arm.
Insistent Terminology: Maya is very insistent that she's from Brabant, as in the territory that once belonged to the United Kingdom of the Netherlands, and not the province that now comprises the capital region of Belgium.
Lost in Translation:
"Ongezellig" does not have an English equivalent. "Gezellig" an adjective based on word "gezel", which means as much as "companion", and it refers to a state of being in an easygoing atmosphere with a small group of close friends or family (although even alone it can be "gezellig", and just because it's easygoing doesn't mean it's low-energy). Think six people in a warm kitchen on a winter evening playing a tabletop game while gourmetting. Usually, it's translated as "convivial" or "cozy", which does cover most of the bases, but some activities a Dutchman may describe as "gezellig" aren't covered by it. "Ongezellig" means "not gezellig", and contains something of a reproach towards whoever causes it to be "ongezellig". In the case of the webanimation, that refers to Maya's antisocial tendencies.
The name "Mymy" may not look recognizable, but it's the same name that normally would be rendered "Meimei". In Dutch, you have the short "ei" and the long "ij", which are pronounced the same way, and the long "ij" is sometimes mutually interchangeable with the "y", which normally is pronounced "i" or "ie".
Coco speaks (Dutch influenced by) Afrikaans, which sounds childish or innocent to Dutch speakers not familiar with it. This mostly shows up when she says a negative sentence, because in Afrikaans, a second "not" is added at the end of such a sentence. Imagine that rather than someone saying "I won't do that", they say "I won't do that not". The association fits Coco as a well-meaning but naïve young lady, and it gets strangely intimidating when she pushes Maya out of the window saying "I'm not hearing any apologies not, Maya".
In Part 4, Mymy mockingly imitates a Belgian accent when she answers Coco's question if ADD is curable.
Moving the Goalposts: Inverted in regards to the deadline of the trio's history presentation. While initially set for a relatively generous deadline on Friday, Mymy's constant excuses prompted Vera to repeatedly move it up several times until it's basically due that very afternoon instead.
Multinational Team: Although the main trio are Dutch nationals, Coco is actually South African by birth, Maya hailing from a province of Belgium and is of mixednote  ancestry per This example contains a TRIVIA entry. It should be moved to the TRIVIA tab.Word of God, and Mymy is from Nagasaki.
Nice, Mean, and In-Between: Broadly, Coco is the Nice (just don't push her too far), Maya is the In-Between, and ultranationalist Mymy is the Mean.
Occidental Otaku: Maya is a big one, being stated to enjoy anime and having a lot of anime-related merch in her room. Ironically, Mymy, who's actually Japanese, condemns anime as "decadent Oriental animated films".
Odd Name Out: Maya is the only member of the trio whose given name doesn't consist of repeating syllables.
Perpetual Frowner: Kiki, when she's not sleeping, which could be part of her pirate persona.
Perpetual Smiler: Coco, The Pollyanna of the group, is almost never seen scowling, unlike Maya who is a Perpetual Frowner. As demonstrated in Deel 1, unlike Maya's gradually fading cheerfulness in her childhood pictures, Coco's expression remained the exact same throughout. Coco didn't even frown when she's genuinely upset at Maya making a mean comment towards her late parents, though it's played for dramatic effect instead.
Pirate Girl: Kiki, who is seen dressed up like a pirate, has her bike decked out like a pirate ship and actually has her very own pirate club, with a flyer advertising said club attached to a notice board and a tree.
Right for the Wrong Reasons: Maya worries that Coco would ask her "Where do you sit during break, Maya?", "Who are your friends, Maya?" and "Why does your bed creak at night, Maya?" when she was just asking if Maya needed help with her presentation. Turns out someone does ask Maya those questions, but it's Mymy who asks them, whereas Coco was only trying to reassure Maya to stay.
Shout-Out:
Maya's computer wallpaper is XP's "Bliss".
Mymy's anti-anime propaganda contains a promotional image from Boku no Pico.
Maya's figments of Coco and Mymy are respectively represented by versions of Belle and SpongeBob.
In Part 6, the photo in the back of Coco's room depicts the sisters at the Efteling with the theme park's mascot Pardoes.
The student file of Mymy is a 5th Edition character sheet.
Smash Cut: Coco's presentation starts with an introduction about some sexual traditions the Japanese had long ago, very obviously pointing out that she took Maya's hentai folder as real research. Coco says she even has a video to show the class, she presses play, and we immediately cut to their teacher's office giving a death glare to the camera.
Spotting the Thread: After Maya finishes her presentation with a lot of help from Mymy, Vera correctly deduces that it's a presentation that Mymy would've presented, only to let it go when "it wasn't racist".
Teacher's Unfavorite Student: Miss Vera doesn't like any of the sisters, but at least Coco and Maya keep to themselves. It's the extrovert, self-centered, racist, and demanding Mymy that she truly despises. The one note that can be discerned on Vera's student file on Mymy in Part 3 reads "Ik haat dit kind zo erg". ("I hate this child so badly".)
Theme Naming: All three sisters' names are four letters long and pronounced in two vowels. In fact, pretty much every character, from the students (Cleo, Yfke, Zoey, etc.) to their teacher Vera, all have four letters for their first names.
Tranquil Fury: After being insulted by Maya for being an orphan, Coco almost threw her out the window with this expression, complete with a smile.
Troubling Unchildlike Behaviour: Mymy drew a toy rifle on her teacher when she learns that she has to redo her presentation (which mentioned zero history besides slavery). She also forced Maya to play along as a captive hostage on a pirate ship and once drew a picture where she's on top of a mountain, lording over several dead bodies.
Walking Techbane: Coco struggles to use technology of any kind. Her solution to her computer crashing? Throw the monitor out of the roof.
Wrap Around: When Mymy starts complaining that Coco tasked her with doing animations for a presentation, Coco crumples a piece of paper and throws it away from them offscreen, and then it appears on the other side, hitting Mymy on the head.
